When HeeJin went to Paris...
'Je m'appelle HeeJin'
(My name is HeeJin)
Another girl was there...
'What are you doing!'
'Everythis is wonderful to HyunJin...'
'The airplane...'
'Wait a munites~!'
'What do you want to buy, HyunJin?'
'ROYCE Chocolate!'
'She is the girl who has the exact purpose!'
Can she buy the chocolate what she wants?
But unfortunately, ROYCE Chocolate was not in Incheon International Airport...
'How...'
'How could this be??'
So HyunJin bought another chocoate!
The girls ate them all as soon as they bought the choloate.
Their character is a short temper...
They've polished off a whole box of chocolate!
But one thing left on HyunJin's head.
Maybe she will eat that when she feels hungry!